even if you're shouting there's a
tsunami coming yeah H how many people
are fully aware of this and filling
their boots as a consequence as the
wealth of the rich grows and grows and
grows and grows and the wealth of the
middle class in the government collapses
and collapses because that is ultimately
where the wealth is coming from they
just look at one side of the coin and
you know we have plenty of stories they
tell themselves which is I got here
because I work hard because I deserve it
and I'm sure a lot of them do work hard
but the consequence in my op so did your
dad exactly ex listen I mean I I tell
you I've seen people that work yeah yeah
um the consequence is the impoverishment
of of of the masses of the people of
this country and so what's the breaking
point have you been to India no I
haven't go to Mumbai okay and that will
tell you how bad things can get before
people demand change